# cordova-plugin-device-motion

这个插件是用于读取加速感应器的数据，加速感应器是用来监控设备在三围立体空间的位置信息比如_x_, _y_, _z_，和设备上传感器的类型，精确度息息相关。<br>

通过`navigator.accelerometer`对象来访问该插件。而且是必须要等到`deviceready`触发以后才能够对`accelerometer`进行访问<br>

    document.addEventListener("deviceready", onDeviceReady, false);
    function onDeviceReady() {
        console.log(navigator.accelerometer);
    }

## 安装

    cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-device-motion

## 支持的平台

- Amazon Fire OS
- Android
- BlackBerry 10
- Browser
- Firefox OS
- iOS
- Tizen
- Windows Phone 8
- Windows

## 方法

- navigator.accelerometer.getCurrentAcceleration
- navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration
- navigator.accelerometer.clearWatch

## 对象

- Acceleration

## navigator.accelerometer.getCurrentAcceleration

Get the current acceleration along the _x_, _y_, and _z_ axes.

These acceleration values are returned to the `accelerometerSuccess`
callback function.

    navigator.accelerometer.getCurrentAcceleration(accelerometerSuccess, accelerometerError);


### Example

    function onSuccess(acceleration) {
        alert('Acceleration X: ' + acceleration.x + '\n' +
              'Acceleration Y: ' + acceleration.y + '\n' +
              'Acceleration Z: ' + acceleration.z + '\n' +
              'Timestamp: '      + acceleration.timestamp + '\n');
    }

    function onError() {
        alert('onError!');
    }

    navigator.accelerometer.getCurrentAcceleration(onSuccess, onError);

### Browser Quirks

Values for X, Y, Z motion are all randomly generated in order to simulate the accelerometer.

### Android Quirks

The accelerometer is called with the __SENSOR_DELAY_UI__ flag, which limits the maximum readout frequency to something between 20 and 60 Hz, depending on the device. Values for __period__ corresponding to higher frequencies will result in duplicate samples.


### iOS Quirks

- iOS doesn't recognize the concept of getting the current acceleration at any given point.

- You must watch the acceleration and capture the data at given time intervals.

- Thus, the `getCurrentAcceleration` function yields the last value reported from a `watchAccelerometer` call.

## navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration

Retrieves the device's current `Acceleration` at a regular interval, executing
the `accelerometerSuccess` callback function each time. Specify the interval in
milliseconds via the `acceleratorOptions` object's `frequency` parameter.

The returned watch ID references the accelerometer's watch interval,
and can be used with `navigator.accelerometer.clearWatch` to stop watching the
accelerometer.

    var watchID = navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration(accelerometerSuccess,
                                                           accelerometerError,
                                                           accelerometerOptions);

- __accelerometerOptions__: An object with the following optional keys:
  - __period__: requested period of calls to accelerometerSuccess with acceleration data in Milliseconds. _(Number)_ (Default: 10000)


###  Example

    function onSuccess(acceleration) {
        alert('Acceleration X: ' + acceleration.x + '\n' +
              'Acceleration Y: ' + acceleration.y + '\n' +
              'Acceleration Z: ' + acceleration.z + '\n' +
              'Timestamp: '      + acceleration.timestamp + '\n');
    }

    function onError() {
        alert('onError!');
    }

    var options = { frequency: 3000 };  // Update every 3 seconds

    var watchID = navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration(onSuccess, onError, options);

### iOS Quirks

The API calls the success callback function at the interval requested,
but restricts the range of requests to the device between 40ms and
1000ms. For example, if you request an interval of 3 seconds,
(3000ms), the API requests data from the device every 1 second, but
only executes the success callback every 3 seconds.

## navigator.accelerometer.clearWatch

Stop watching the `Acceleration` referenced by the `watchID` parameter.

    navigator.accelerometer.clearWatch(watchID);

- __watchID__: The ID returned by `navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration`.

###  Example

    var watchID = navigator.accelerometer.watchAcceleration(onSuccess, onError, options);

    // ... later on ...

    navigator.accelerometer.clearWatch(watchID);

## Acceleration

Contains `Accelerometer` data captured at a specific point in time.
Acceleration values include the effect of gravity (9.81 m/s^2), so that when a
device lies flat and facing up, _x_, _y_, and _z_ values returned should be
`0`, `0`, and `9.81`.

### Properties

- __x__:  Amount of acceleration on the x-axis. (in m/s^2) _(Number)_
- __y__:  Amount of acceleration on the y-axis. (in m/s^2) _(Number)_
- __z__:  Amount of acceleration on the z-axis. (in m/s^2) _(Number)_
- __timestamp__: Creation timestamp in milliseconds. _(DOMTimeStamp)_
